Add async as config option (#31)
streamnative/logstash-output-pulsar: README.md

| ciphers                           |                              array, ciphers list                              |         No |
| enable_token                      |                boolean, one of [true, false]. default is false                |         No |
| auth_plugin_params_String         |                                    string                                     |         No |

> | enableAsync                      |                boolean, one of [true, false]. default is false                |         No |

Author: ```suggestion
| enable_async                      |                boolean, one of [true, false]. default is false                |         No |
```

Author: Sorry was a bit too fast on changing this. Reverting back.

> | enable_async                      |                boolean, one of [true, false]. default is false                |         No |

Author: ```suggestion
| enableAsync                      |                boolean, one of [true, false]. default is false                |         No |
```
